---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to the blog!"
date:   2022-01-23 17:54:07 +0800
---
You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight js %}
function main() {
  // Prints "Hello!" to the console
  console.log("Hello!");
}
{% endhighlight %}

A tag system has been implemented to keep posts organised. You can see the categories in the top right. You can optionally add `tag: <THE TAG NAME> <ANOTHER ONE>` under the data in a post, with spaces between each tag.

The current styling will be changed in the future to look better, but for now it looks fine.

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/